tracy had two day by day coupons in
speed against pacy nowitzki decided the
strike the parade of david ospina the
speed of the Sochaux strikers
this will be the key against this defense
athletic of Nice maurice belay but
go challenge kafoumba coulibaly the two
support to think about the center of sauget
fifteen or so opportunities
what opportunity missed by ryad
boudebouz who was alone against david
ospina and in two stages
he can not put it at the bottom
huge opportunities side with mining at
brain mounier center pushed
be careful the picks up to Julian Shortbread who
va deposit hit great summer with l
soaring pauses and matthieu
dreyer with the pure strike of julien sanded
watch as its benefits from
sabella who hits first
intention he
gorgeous sent behind his briefcase
confident because that's where he got
shown very explosive focus well on his
supports springs well do not know seen
with this first period and rhythmic
with ideye maiga
it's perfectly played the shift
i love martin
the parade of david ospina this
meet in every sense of the game
speed and great gestures
commission goes fast with Martin little
shifted sogecap continue this g with some
solutions
maiga maiga that shifts idem
the typical Sochalian action the pellet
before speed and finally day that
find the way to the nets it's 1-0
it's well deserved for this jump
it's a beautiful left she me
look and that's their double no to face
with here this solution which is to
interior
and then turn it over we see the
Mayan complicity idea this time
frames put the ball out of reach
but it is at the end it must be pointed out
a collective movement of great beauty
which is significant of the mito
of Australians who could have scored
the other one with a marvin martin is
outdated
marvin martin is a little offbeat is
cursed water
guy who saw there lebron brand civelli
it's over he sends this balloon on the
huge ospina pole opportunity for
Sochaux
Nicolas Maurice belay yet it
with the speed the center of sauget
he is exceptional mute ryad
many play they have the wind
are young but what talent is it
extraordinary and it's 3 0 for
sochaux who regales strong you have what
creates one- way attraction move this
center then resume the tension goes up
but the equity that tries to overflow
after here it's good because we feel
immediately and there he is really
hyper well balanced look at this
Super fly is magic because
the idea he takes the ball from the blow of
foot and then who crucifies stage ospina
of the jump of the wolf as well to his thrust these
standards
in martin they are made no but no
these Sochaux look on this balloon of
back or leave a little control l
attacker who is alone one gave martin
what intelligence what
subtlety he had seen that it was
advanced he lob it
it is absolutely beautiful the youth
Sochaux to power a loan you from
you and his volley is martin and this lob
and it's really fantastic
look how well done in the end
nor plurial relies on evene of the ja
all the intelligence of martin a body
is difficult for Eric Roy who
still remained
it is extracted from salt in you 11 matches
without defeat and 21 games played since
his taking office a single defeat
in front of the olympique de marseille
last season it was a stunt
for the history
above is past modibo maiga or almost
faced with petkovic
this is again modibo maiga in
the area of ​​repair
two nuggets on modibo maiga intake
it's 4 to 0 still a bit of a
goal from elsewhere to look at himself but he
is here that physically imposes itself by
report to his opponent who is going to have a
little success of the mission of
I spent the night there I think he
was drinking goblins because you had the
little glance that he actually chooses
to come back inside place them the
ball out of reach of the guardian his
great shapes